I've been working with Kheops International for over 20 years and have had many opportunities to train and  work with young adults. Working with Shawn, a young man that has a lot of potential, has been my second best encounter in all these years.

I hired Shawn to make some modifications in our customizable accounting, financial and business software (UA business software 7.0). He had told me that he had some experience with SQL but knew very little about Microsoft Access, on which UA runs (we use the 2002 version of MS Access).
I was surprised by Shawn's attitude; He was able to listen carefully to our needs, something I've not seen with other people I've had to work with. In fact, even though he did not know our business very well, he found a few glitches in my reasoning and was able to make corrections before the work was started, lowering the amount of hours needed for this project.
He also took over some of the parts done by an experienced programmer (25 years of experience) and corrected some of his work, finding a way to tell him with a touch of humor so that the person would not be offended. Indeed, Shawn is a natural team worker and sees the good in the people he works with. He has been in contact with 2 other persons in our company and both found him open, respectful, resourceful and interesting to work with.
I, myself, appreciate how receptive Shawn has been and the capacity he has shown to foresee the repercussion of any mistakes he made in his work. I have also found him to be a good teacher, finding simple ways to explain the different tasks he accomplished and making sure I understood, so that I could have more autonomy in the future and not depend on him as much to do simple tasks. Instead of thinking only about his salary, he was helpful and thought about our company as well.
For example, some of our tasks were time sensitive and he worked extra hours to ensure that our deadlines were met. Still, he was careful enough to perform tests and back up our data to avoid any problems. For unsolved issues, he was quick to research solutions, consulting his friends or the Internet. He had an attitude which left no space for failure.
Before each consultation conference call we had with our senior programmer, he took the necessary time to prepare his questions and gather test results concerning his problematic queries. During the call, he quickly understood the rather complicated tasks and adjustments he needed to accomplish.
Shawn’s capacity to listen, his cool temper, his deep understanding of the task at hand and his great communication skills in both English and French make working with him an exceptional experience that enriched both my knowledge and the company. He is honest, simple and so open minded that he will be a valuable asset for any company.
I hope my perspective will be helpful to you as you evaluate this exceptional candidate.
