## Q: What have I done well this past year?

You’ve always been an incredibly hardworking member of the team. As the only web developer on the team, you manage a heavy workload and competing deadlines and multiple requests and a lot of pressure with grace.

You were an early adopter of ClickUp and have championed tools that make our work more integrated, organized and seamless.

You respond quickly when there is a need.You’re often available at short notice and responsive even outside of work hours when problems come up. You work efficiently and you meet deadlines consistently.

You’re responsive to feedback and quickly implement any changes or feedback that I request. And you’re creative with your use of technologies to make unique pages and types of actions. You’re receptive and enthusiastic when members of the team bring new or out-of-the-box ideas to you.

You’re a good problem solver and have found lots of workarounds and solutions to work with the challenges of Engaging Networks and Planet 4 to make creative use of our platforms.

## What could I do differently?

In the future you could focus more on developing more rigorous systems of consistency in tracking, for example, following or managing naming conventions more closely, and working with Google Analytics and Google Tag Manager in more depth to develop a stronger knowledge of the platforms and their integration with different systems.

## Any other comments?

Thank you Shawn for all of your work and efforts over the past year! 
