Shawn served as a summer student between May 2 and August 12, 2011 at the Air Quality Modeling Applications Section (AQMAS) of Environment Canada. During my supervision of Shawn from May 2 to June 17, he developed numerous programs (requiring knowledge of UNIX, TCL, HTML, and SQL databases). The purpose of these programs is to generate products that provide important observation and model data to operational air quality forecasters via an internal Environment Canada web site.

It was exceptional how quickly Shawn became a contributing member of our team. Within a matter of two weeks, he had already largely completed the development of our first product. He quickly assimilated the information we were able to provide him with and demonstrated a very good understanding of our processing systems by the many pertinent questions he posed.

We had planned four sub-projects for Shawn to work on during the first 10 to 12 weeks of his internship and he had completed (or almost completed) all of them within the first 8 weeks. He was able to work on all four simultaneously while we waited for feedback from various clients (the Environment Canada Storm Prediction Centers) across the country. Drawing upon his past experience and knowledge, Shawn was able to contribute his own unique and useful ideas to make the final products of each of the sub-projects better than initially anticipated. As a result of his efficiency, we were able to complete more tasks than initially planned.

Complementing Shawn's technical and intuitive abilities, he easily socially integrated within our group, including joining colleagues for lunch time card games and hacky. To conclude, we were extremely happy with the contributions made by Shawn to our program. His accomplishments were beyond our highest expectations of what could be accomplished by a student who arrived cold from the outside, lacking knowledge of our internal processing systems.
