During the summer of 2011, Shawn Inder worked a four month internship at the Air Quality Modeling Applications Section (AQMAS) of Environment Canada. Over much of this time I served as the direct supervisor over Shawn's work.

Shawn's tasks were primarily concentrated on developing code to generate new products for the Environment Canada meteorologists who make the daily forecasts of air quality that are used by many Canadians. His work required a high level of understanding of the UNIX environment, coding in TCL and HTML, and building and manipulating SQL databases.

Shawn had an immediate impact as he was able to learn our processing systems and coding methods extremely quickly. Within the first two weeks after beginning, Shawn had almost completed two of the 6 main work tasks we had laid out for him during the summer. He quickly assimilated the information we were able to provide him with and demonstrated a good understanding of our processing systems by the many pertinent questions he posed.

Drawing from his past experience and skill-base, Shawn also provided important improvements to the products he developed. Rather than simply following instructions, on his own initiative he researched and experimented ways to make them better than they were initially planned. During his internship, Shawn was able to work on different projects simultaneously while we waited for feedback on the new products from our clients.  As a result of his efficiency, we were able to complete more tasks than initially thought possible.

Complementing Shawn's technical and intuitive abilities, he easily socially integrated within our group, including joining colleagues for
lunch time card games and hacky. In summary, Shawn's accomplishments during his internship at Environment Canada met and exceeded our expectations. I am confident he will be a valuable team member on any future work endeavors.

And as If all that were not enough, his continual relaxed posture ( NOT recommended by most chiropractors) beyond-cool bed-head, and remarkable hacky skills (I don't hacky myself but word on the street confirms) would make Shawn an invaluable member of any team. Just don't ask him to be Sheriff.
